I love that liquor drown my days
now I'm taking my last ride
I paid the highest price you can pay
I'm on my way do others feel
upon first grade is where I'll be to rest until the end of times
[Music] welcome back to the lady Babylon this is
satanic initiation and you guys are in for it tonight we've got another fresh
text something that you're not gonna get out there anywhere else something that you're not going to run
into what is full of cult tonight's text is crammed with cult looking right
into the eyes those burning eyes of cult you're gonna love this and we have a
little clip that was put together to celebrate your audience interaction
I like this format I like that we're able to converse like this and it's
important to me to keep it up I want you to enjoy tonight and welcome to Lady
Babylon satanic initiation
[Music]
let's start off right away with the few minutes that we've got together I just want to ramp up this little video that's
coming up I want you to take a look at this we look for meaning in the world
and so we look through your interaction to see the meaning and to construct the
message here's a bit that has been brought to you by Chewie Chewie thank
you very much hit it
Mike stinks now they're smaller you've lost to grow your profanity
everything knowledge I'd like some good playing drugs it is like we are in a
cosmic Matrix wall Vatican reptile Time Travelers make it dinner is coming back
with a [__] on his face Jesus wait the boy was the author Jesus
responder do you think Jesus's lips were still purple when he was on the cross I'm sure she'd love to know that that's
why Yahoo devilishly holy she was way more than Barbie could ever be
School
[Music]
only here because you have discussions like that um thank you very much everybody for
giving uh giving what you feel and think and I appreciate all of the comments
negative positive they both fire me up so thank you very much let's proceed
forward with the material for today today I want to bring you a little bit
of a text that is normally ignored but before I do I want to preface it by saying
um by giving a shout out a shout out to a professor Kirsten D Kirsten D
um who is working on the execration tablets or texts the execration text
um cursed tablets that kind of thing and different various and Sundry accoutrement of magic she also discusses
the PGM and she said something she said something that just gave me joyous
rapture she said what's most important is that
you go back to the original you really don't understand it reading
it in translation you have to go back to the original
so I was so delighted to hear that Dr Kirsten D thank you so much for
affirming what I too have seen there are sources out there there are sources out
there and if you will come along with me tonight as the ship is landing and we're
getting there into that time where are we going tonight tonight we're going Bronze Age we're going Bronze Age
so be ready for it it's a little bit rough and tumble it's gorgeous but we're gonna get the mystery straight on in
Chewie pull us up our first tax please tonight I'm very proud to present to you and I'm just gonna show it to you take
it down Chewie and I'll explain it to you go ahead take it down
um what this is is a text called the orphic argonautica and it's typically grouped
in with other orphic works like the hymns um and so it's a marvelous text
replicating for you that experience that
Bronze Age experience and I took you tonight I said where can I take my congregation right where can I take them I have to
take them to the I have to take them to the Deep things we have to go to the Deep things of Satan it's where we find
all of our power fantastic so let's go there let's go
there to this saturnian rush and let's see what she says in the text what kind
of text is this well this is the part of the text that talks about Medea
as the guardian of the gate Medea is the guardian
who stands at the gate she is the way
she is the way do you hear me do you hear me she is the way that's what the
text says let's go dip into that dirt that Kirsten D was so rapturous for
let's dig into that dirt and see what we can find bring up that text I'm just gonna give you a translation of this
yeah um here we go it's for this reason he says that right there at the entryway
to the gates there's this guard and she's a queen she's so far see
she stirs up the fire brings that Brilliance of the fire as
she stands there who is this this is the one the culkins call Artemis
they call they worship her even today they worship her as she who stands by
the Gateway she is
what is it take it down to what is yeah this is the one who guards the way
with the sharp shrill oracular voice
okay okay I see that we're already into the bakic
cult you ready what else are we gonna do here we're gonna see a priestess here I want to show you a priestess tonight
it's really about that form bring up that taxi into a fantastic
right so um the caulkians worshiper and she is
Dana she's awful horrendous terrifying for Immortal to see and terrifying for
Immortal to hear except for the person
who enters into the initiation the person who knows the bacchic
Implements of purgation take it down the bacchic Implements of purgation
the these are the catharma these are the the filthy impurities
that the goddess who is the poison poor is going to
supply you with a cure for she's going to wash away your filth do
you understand where we are okay right we all stepped out of the ship a
little bit fast um okay here she is kind of scary but okay she stands at the Gateway to the
entrance of this great way yes she stands at the entrance of the way
let's see who she is let's keep let's keep our text coming Chewie fantastic so
for the person who enters into these purifications right that person she is
not terrible to see right what is she what is she hiding
whatsoever thing says the text whatsoever things are these
purifications these the leader of the initiation
she who is that Force to expel the profane
she guards it she keeps the way she is the I know
she is the Medea of the terrifying bed
EA of the terrifying bed she stands there with her
far-seeing gaze and is able to protect the way
they call her Artemis the caulkians who do the kolkians the corkians who were
using the burning purple these are the people who are establishing the worship that you just
saw they are worshiping a Bronze Age woman
she is actively called the wanasa
she is actively called the empress the impress
okay thanks cities with big stones cities with big Stones cyclopean this is
this Empire is vast and stretches all the way from Babylonia all the way over
to the pillars of Heracles and Beyond yeah fantastic who is this impressed one
more time with the text we're just taking this text slowly
boom okay there we go and what is she with she's with her
she's with her sighteen maidens these are the scythians scythian girls that
were her experts in drugs yeah and what do they say nobody nobody
gets over get in intrudes into this way nobody steps over that threshold no it
doesn't matter if they're a foreigner or a Thera or if they're a local nobody gets across her threshold
for she stands there a fail so I want you to look at that for my great students look at that second and last
line notice the theosa in there Danae the adjective being in the feminine with
that OS do you see that thetos the word for God flash yourself about why it's so
important why is this so important the word yes
the word of God that we're looking for for those of you
with ears to hear oh that saitian influence
is pushing the throne do you have the asterian do you have the asterian because these
are the conversations they're having do you have the asterian of course I do yes all right we're polyphronic you you
bring the person up to a polythonic state of ecstasy a polythronic state of
ecstasy dear Christianity dear Judaism
your beliefs and practices are a Corruption of the original Bronze
Age mystery that involves sex drugs and vision
who am I I'm the guy who reads the text bring it up let's finish it off what
else what else is with her um she completely this goddess this terrible goddess this terrible God
empress what does she do she maintains that way entirely how
she breathes upon her fire-eyed dogs
Mania Lissa she gives them Lissa she
gives them Lissa who are these dogs remember Heracles has dogs
and Heracles dogs have purple lips do you know why they have purple lips
because they are following the purple yeah they are called Phoenician dogs
because they follow the purple yeah they have those purple lips
fantastic and um let's take a look now okay I just
read you guys the text that's a quick translation and now I want you to look
at a couple of words that will anchor us into the past in a way that no Professor
can BS their way out of you got no theories here I got no ideas I don't
care to waste your time you know that what I care about is letting the source get to you I'm a librarian right that's
what we do Welcome to Hell fantastic pull up the pull up the uh first after
my source there yeah I just want you to look can you blow that up chewy so
yeah I just want you to look at the the [__] the the brightness the glow
the effervescence the flash of lightning this is what
that Artemis controls this is what she controls
look at the very last line and you'll notice oh look theocritis nice nice
Hellenistic stuff love that stuff um what is he doing he's using it for love he's using this flame for love
fantastic let's go to the next let's get a little bit deeper do you want to know who this is this is a
wannasa or anasa if you d-digamify it this is a Mycenaean word
where are we talking about now with the Mycenaean stuff this can be as early as 1600 1800 BC
so um fantastic fantastic we're in a area now that okay I feel a little bit
more comfortable where we've landed and look at what this means look at this oh oh what is this see the diagram on the
front of that thing right there oh that's gorgeous a queen right a lady it's a dress to a goddess
up until what up until pindar so until pindar it's how you refer to goddesses
now I know we are not used to worshiping women I know our society much the contrary
does everything it can keep a segment of us from completely
oppressing women yes yes we do not have
in the modern world the concept of the wanasa we do not have that great Empress
who is worshiped he is very specific
this orphic who is writing this is very specific and says she is worshiped today
she is worshiped today Medea a woman
of the Bronze Age was worshiped while she was alive
as the goddess Artemis
okay bring us Artemis let's see in the next slide let's see what what's uh what
we can make of her what is this who is this Artemis who is this Artemis
um yeah well first of all let's go go to the next one that's for the initiations
no one more yeah those are all our initiation words fantastic there's Lissa here's the
madness people look look look here's the madness that she brings wait what yes
she is the one to be feared it is her bed that brings Fury
they say it's the rabies of dogs have you ever seen a dog on a rabid have you
ever seen one of Hercules dogs rabid yeah imagine imagine just a skin of fur
just a skin of fur and a Madman and a Madman fantastic Lissa
rabies give us the Artemis please oh here's a nice by the way here's a nice quote from
the feet up the crown of the head steals the spasm the stab of Lissa I the
scorpion sting you didn't know these things were associated with drugs
until I told you they were now you're gonna start now it you're gonna start
noticing the drugs more and more and more remember it's those cretans they're
the ones that are working on the drugs that will allow you to ejaculate
Scorpion and snake venom have you ever ejaculated Scorpion and snake them you
have if you're a cretan and you're part of the cult
foreign let's go to Artemis let's go to Artemis
pull us in Chewie um here oh we're having a little bit show I told
you to get these navigation charts with these Imperial oh this is beautiful pull down the
satanic initiation Fantastic look at this guys and now we'll just work our way down Artemis
Artemis notice what they have at the bottom they have Artemis equals
right who is this alethia who is this alethia she is the one she is the well
it's uncertain derived from we don't know where it's derived from but we know we have artemos and Artemis and artamos
is somebody who's kills for a living it could be that because she is a Huntress
she is a Huntress somebody who kills four
a calling yeah kills for a calling you know it can be your calling to kill
in antiquity isn't that interesting fantastic let's
go um under Artemis yep underneath her
um what happens if you take that name Artemis play with it a little bit
um you can either get a killer or you can get a Healer strangely enough
um from that from that root you can get safety and you can get death
safety and death do you remember what Medea was doing why does it say that Medea was made that
princess that Priestess why did it say that she was made that one who had the
right of killing a stranger had the right of killing a stranger when
you hand somebody over to DK to Justice they
are subject to she who has the power to kill
yes yeah fantastic if you can hear within that the principles that those
who created democracy said May resonate
it does with me I think we're watching it
um let's go to the next one um Artemis Artemisia back uh I think we're up one yeah up one
yeah Artemisia what is that wormwood oh it's just a plant what you know Artemisia absintheum right no problem
there but look what we have here at the very bottom ambrosia
you realize we just took a little detour down a bunch of several drugs right
they're using these as drugs and the ritual concept of a communion ambrosia
that that is a substance that will give you uh ionic life
ionic life you see how the mystery is set up it is the ambrosia
that makes the poison poorer poorer who she is let's go back all right following
we're following the first Christ people go ahead under the ambrosia
um yeah one more here's her here's her uh title and I
just want you to notice what she does she's involved in Partition right goddess of childbirth you will be under
the influence when you come to the place that you will be giving you
take it down that you will be giving your child to the world when it comes to that time you will be
given a drug that will put you into a state where your delivery will be your
orgia yes it will be that orgasmos the
introduction of life into the world do you see how the orgasmos works
it is a death it is a death in which we enter
only to come to life that is the mystery
and if you're surprised that this mystery is pioneered by a
goddess who is the goddess of childbirth it's because you have not yet been informed
that we are all meeting the Creator
and she is not what most of us think she is
now fantastic I love it let's see what else about this goddess let's keep going with
the definitions I just want to give you a little more dirt to kick up in your face yeah here's there here's your
epithet right think of this queen impress who stands there at the Gateway
in the mystery she who guards the way right I'm the way when Jesus was saying
I'm the way he was not the first human being to do so nor was it original nor
was it unknown to the ears of the people hearing it when he was saying I am the
way they knew he is one of those mystery freaks
involved in his mystery freak sex drug stuff probably associated with prostitutes naked children in public
parks at 4am Mark 14 51 52. 27. I got it in before 30.
um so yeah let's keep going a little bit more vocabulary I just want people to enjoy
um this is what we're really um this is what we the person who is genuine right to to the world
this goddess seems frightening and rightly so to those who were born
again who know these Implements of Bacchus who know these Implements of
Bacchus keeps thinking quantum those are the ones right notice that
what is Diana doing directly associated with Bacchus
through Medea Diana and Bacchus
have life the process is bakic worship and for
those of you from Judaism those of you who know the temple those of you who stood at the Wailing
Wall those of you who know what medieval historians teach
it was she who started your rights
your heritage your practice
goes back to a Bronze Age impress
who brought the voice of God yes and when I say God
I mean Medea I mean Artemis
yeah I'm in Bacchus fantastic let's go to one more word
um I think I've got one more after that yep please yep here are the dogs that we're looking
at and I just want you to notice what how what are the association of dogs this is how this
before whoops that was an Astra another one a TIE fighter perhaps
yeah we good I don't know I need more tea
who are these skula case you want to know who you know those of you who are
interested in Magic and I know that you're out there I know you're amassing and a knowledge
and esoteric knowledge that you want to practice instead of just reading and studying about yes yes
um if you don't find this figure if you don't read these
signs if you don't break this seal you got nothing
you know what is that Hound doing that
Hound is guarding the way that Hound has fire in their eyes yeah
and they possess the madness the madness that comes from the Dark
Star they possess The Madness of the
lightbringer fantastic what do they call her they
call her lucifera lucifera for those of you who hear
Lucifer you are exactly in the right place
before there was a Lucifer there was a lucifera
yeah so you can say that the origins of Judaism Christianity and Islam
are from Satan they are satanic or saturnian or
saturnan fantastic the Linguistics is just
gorgeous isn't it but your religions that you practice
are all satanic you are following
Judaism and by that I mean Judaism Islam Christianity
your religions are based on a saturnian
satanic initiation created by a Bronze Age woman
let's bring up that last text I just want to flash this up this treat that I want to bring to you
we've talked before about dracanthius and I just want to pull him up he's a dead Christian
many many centuries ago he smells a little bit I'm sorry
but I stand in the wind right nobody got spanked people have been asking me to
spank people here let's spank him
now I think he was just pretending is it true is it true that you were a
Christian what yes no oh when you feel the pain you get that
Madness then you want it then you're like oh get me more yes yes you said you were a Christian
but you had so much Pagan in you right
this is the same kind of thing we go through that the trans-dimensional agency this is the same thing we go
through with everybody who gets involved next thing you know you send somebody
out there like cyprian he's going to come back with his buttocks full of
um Venom and he's going to be dragging prostitutes out of a cemetery hey I'm
sorry I Repent I Repent of my ways right oh God the mess is out we can't let this
get out people this we have to have some kind of court order to keep this
trans-dimensional information shut just to us for now um before trial fantastic
um let's go to this I want to give you dracontius here dracontius here it is oh don't you love well I just want to read
you a couple of lines blow it up Chewie for me please I just want to read you a couple of lines it kills my soul to make
common for you the things that are so abominable things done by the art of a
virgin a virgin who makes God's captive a virgin who
uses the elements a virgin who causes nature to serve her a girl
she's the one who manipulates the stars of the pole and the course of the sun and the stars
the constellations she's the one who does this with her mind it's her
decision that makes this way it's a woman's decision that creates the
universe around you tonight take it down tonight tonight on satanic initiation I want to
introduce you to the muse the Creator the one who sings the world
into existence that is the medwa that is the Artemis go
back go back for me what else what does she do she brings
the lightning man she brings that thunder right these are the things that are abominable that she does when she
orders The Ether around you now hang on for the physics hang on
she's the one who orders The Ether to drop fire to drop fire okay those of you
with the asterian I want you to think is you're Seated on that Devil's throne
as you're Seated on that Devil's Throne I want you to think
to him take the image of The Ether from the
invisible and to make it visible to yourself okay ether
from this ether she brings fire
this is contrary to the laws of nature bring us back that quote again Chewie
fantastic what is what happens her voice penetrates when all of this is going on
um her voice penetrates the wind and what does it do what does it do
it makes things living and it makes things dead the power that
we're talking about insha Allah this power is the power to penetrate the
cosmos the power to create and Destroy
and it is in the hands of a woman and that woman
becomes a god fantastic are you there the orchia do
you see do you see in these events these orgies these Cults these ritual do you see what
happens do you see why Jehovah yesterday was yelling at us and saying get my wife out of here get out of here
yes I'm Jehovah I'm Jehovah get out of here I hate women I'm Jehovah
call me Yahweh don't say my name did you say my name did you say my name
yeah yeah we were there with him what did he say
dad what's up Dad tell me Dad what's your what's your
dictate oh son I'm gonna tell you I just kicked out
your mother you know and I want you to clean up the temple because I know what
they're doing in the temple they're the women are telepherizing and the men are
getting to less verized wait what what Daddy what are the bad
people doing in the in the temple of Jehovah
and the Temple of Jehovah they are performing the rights
these disgusting sex addicted perverts
with their drugs yes do you see where the face of hatred
comes from for the great Queen Aphrodite do you see why the Romans said we are the sons and
daughters of Venus the Morning Star do you see why Julius Caesar himself
walked into the Temple of Venus connectrixon put there a portrait from a
famous Greek artist of Medea do you see why the people of Rome so
loved the impress yes yes because you can't have the two together
you cannot have Jehovah and Aphrodite you cannot
you cannot it's so deep that the very Sophia
that you will base your scriptures on is an aphrodisiac you say what yeah it's
a scam of aphrodisia oh wow do you mean my sex organs you're here
for a reason do you think that there's some way that this whole universe could make sense
like a song like the song of a great singer
pulled right from the Event Horizon of a black star
oh God this is Lady Babylon thank you for coming tonight it is an
honor and a privilege and I appreciate your 40 minutes hail Satan
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music] to be on Sundays
[Music]